Add AWS Cognito JWT links to docs (#2910)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/manual/guides/integrations/cognito-jwt.rst

> .. _cognito_jwt:

Reviewer: The file name should be "AWS Cognito" and not "...JWT" because we are covering both the modes.

Using AWS Cognito for authentication
====================================

.. contents:: Table of contents
  :backlinks: none
  :depth: 1
  :local:

> Cognito can be used in both JWT mode and webhook mode.

Reviewer: Link to specific pages in the Auth manual for "JWT mode" and "webhook mode"

> - For JWT, `this blog post <https://blog.hasura.io/hasura-authentication-explained/#cognito>`__ contains more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For JWT, `this blog post <https://blog.hasura.io/hasura-authentication-explained/#cognito>`__ contains detailed instructions.
```
